---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-16T22:08:41.278Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-16T22:08:06.421Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-16-65c239ef-dce4-4e6b-a27d-a2af083ace69.md
published: true
url: 65c239ef-dce4-4e6b-a27d-a2af083ace69/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Question:**

How do diverse, global companies with many operating units---each with their own principal/mission/culture---handle workplace change and procurement, especially when adopting new workplace strategies. 

**Answer:**

Successful multinationals, to use a cliché, "think globally, act locally."  Strategic policies are centralized to assure global consistency, but they are designed to also accommodate local requirements. Preeminent multinationals:

•  Recognize that rapid change means shifting customer requirements, so they build trust-based relationships that helps knowledge flow so supplier-customer teams learn together and innovation occurs faster. The twentieth century approach of producing consistent results, driving cost down, and increasing sales doesn't work in the 21st century because everything is changing rapidly.

• Realize they can't just satisfy customers, they have to delight them by understanding their problems and making their life easier. 

• Know their organization is a network of geographical dispersed people in small collaborating groups that have to learn quickly, improvise, and innovate.  Keeping up is no longer good enough.  

• Have a workplace council which aligns  with the company's overall strategy and provides cross-functional communication that keeps corporate executives, business unit managers, and individual company leaders informed of workplace strategies and projects. The council also informs high-level planning and budgeting processes to find best value solutions for associated procurement. 

• Combine a centralized strategy for consensus with decentralized execution. Local fit with global direction is crucial to ensure buy-in, especially in a rapidly changing world. 

•Use technology to support their systems, not the other way around. Good companies don't invest in hardware, software, furniture or  change and then reorganize to support it. Workplace is about _how _a company does things, [not _what_][0]__they do.

• Work closely with suppliers long after the deal is signed. They understand it's not about a transaction, it's about a relationship and they work _together _to keep the relationship healthy, solve problems, develop continuous improvement goals, and meet performance goals. They're both intimately involved in the innovation life-cycle so both buyer and supplier are more successful. 

• Involve internal "customers" across functional areas in workplace and procurement decision-making. Managers are enablers not controllers, they remove impediments instead of creating rules.

• Understand "total cost of ownership" is more important than purchase price, that ROI is more important than expenditure.

• Place growing emphasis on demand planning and forecasting. Predictive analytics based on data available at the highest levels can help business units and individual companies make more informed decisions despite individual differences. 

• Frequently review supply chain policies to make sure they haven't created obstacles to agility when trying to reduce costs and mitigate risks. 

• Take sustainability seriously. Besides carbon-trading requirements, social responsibility ranks very high with employees and communities.

[0]: null